Now let's try to understand how recursion works and why would we get that stack overflow error.
In case you forgot the braking condition or if the depth of recursion is big so let's use the factorial
program to understand this.
Now as you may know that the program's runtime usually creates a stack which is called a method a stack
autocall stack using which it keeps track of local variables or expression evaluation etc..
Now this Carlstadt in context of recursive method is also called less because in a stack it's one and
the same thing just a different name.
Now let's say that the factorial method is called with a parameter type inside the factory method it
checks if the parameter is zero.
And it is not.
So this method returns 5 into that total of food but factorial for itself is a method call whose value
is not yet known.
So this expression even to real food is stored in what is called as a stack frame and pushed into the
recursion stack.
And now the call is made to factorial 4.
So this method is called again with a parameter for.
Then again called that effect to Real Madrid and so forth into vectorial tree whose value is unknown.
So this expression is stored in a stack frame and pushed down the recursion stack.
And this keeps on happening.
Until a known value is returned.
So now we know that factorial of 0 is 1 and this value is replaced in the stack frame which has factorial
zero as part of the expression to be evaluated.
So this value is replaced in that stack frame to get the value of factorial 1.
And we keep popping stack frames and replacing the calculated factorial values
until all the stack frames are bought from the wreckage in the stack and the value of the expression
of the last stack frame is the result of that because of method called and that is the reason why.
If you forget the braking condition you get stack overflow error because the method keeps pushing stack
frames into the stack never reaching the breaking condition.
And ultimately the stack is full and it overflows.
All right and sometimes you may also get a stack overflow error even after having a breaking condition.
And that would happen if the BECAUSE IF call is too deep for example you call them with a very large
bet the value that is there is a whole bunch of stack seems to be pushed into the stack before the end.
And so again we arrived at.